add brightlayer refs (#481)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/community/our-team.mdx

<!-- KEYWORDS: about history team member recruit job career -->

# The Brightlayer UI Team

<MaintainersCards />
<Divider />

# A Brief History of Brightlayer UI

-   The seeds of Brightlayer UI were sown in **2011** as a single project, Power Xpert Insight.
-   In **2013**, work on the Power Xpert Insight Gateway exposed a need for a shared design system between similar products.

> -   The first iteration of Brightlayer UI was a component library built in Polymer in **2015**.
> -   In the summer of **2017**, difficulties with the Polymer component library led the team to conduct a full-scale design thinking project to rethink Brightlayer UI. The team conducted extensive interviews with designers and developers to understand what they wanted out of a design system.
> -   At the end of **2017**, the team evaluated existing open-source design systems and selected Material Design to serve as the foundation of the new Brightlayer UI.
> -   In February of **2018**, Brightlayer UI 2.0 launches with support for Angular and React.
> -   In September **2018**, Brightlayer UI goes open source and makes all of the resources and materials available to the world. We also added support for developing mobile applications in addition to web.
> -   In **2019**, Brightlayer UI ramped up development of custom component libraries to supplement the components available from Material Design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The first iteration of Brightlayer UI, named Power Xpert Blue (PX Blue), was a component library built in Polymer in **2015**.
-   In the summer of **2017**, difficulties with the Polymer component library led the team to conduct a full-scale design thinking project to fundamentally rethink how to build an effective design system. The team conducted extensive interviews with designers and developers to understand what they wanted out of our platform.
-   At the end of **2017**, the team evaluated existing open-source design systems and selected Material Design to serve as the foundation of the new design system.
-   In February of **2018**, PX Blue 2.0 launches with support for Angular and React.
-   In September **2018**, PX Blue goes open source and makes all of the resources and materials available to the world. We also added support for developing mobile applications in addition to web.
-   In **2019**, PX Blue ramped up development of custom component libraries to supplement the components available from Material Design.
```

> -   In **2020**, the team released an updated CLI for automatically starting new projects with Brightlayer UI integration and began working on new multi-screen re-usable workflows. The team also won [two awards](https://www.designinnovationglobal.com/design-thinking/articles/di-global-awards-winners): Brand transformation and Enterprise Design Transformation.

Reviewer 2: Would like to see some mentioning of the old name "PX Blue" and its renaming to "Brightlayer UI" somewhere in this section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In **2020**, the team released an updated CLI for automatically starting new projects with PX Blue integration and began working on new multi-screen re-usable workflows. The team also won [two awards](https://www.designinnovationglobal.com/design-thinking/articles/di-global-awards-winners): Brand transformation and Enterprise Design Transformation.
```

# A Brief History of Brightlayer UI

> -   The seeds of PX Blue UI were sown in **2011** as a single project, Power Xpert Insight.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   The seeds of Brightlayer UI were sown in **2011** as a single project, Power Xpert Insight.
```

-   At the end of **2017**, the team evaluated existing open-source design systems and selected Material Design to serve as the foundation of the new design system.
-   In February of **2018**, PX Blue 2.0 launches with support for Angular and React.
-   In September **2018**, PX Blue goes open source and makes all of the resources and materials available to the world. We also added support for developing mobile applications in addition to web.
-   In **2019**, PX Blue ramped up development of custom component libraries to supplement the components available from Material Design.
-   In **2020**, the team released an updated CLI for automatically starting new projects with PX Blue integration and began working on new multi-screen re-usable workflows. The team also won [two awards](https://www.designinnovationglobal.com/design-thinking/articles/di-global-awards-winners): Brand transformation and Enterprise Design Transformation.

> -   In **2021**, Power Xpert Blue was renamed to Brightlayer UI to better align with the larger Eaton digital strategy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   In **2021**, Power Xpert Blue was renamed to Brightlayer User Interface (Brightlayer UI) to better align with the larger Eaton digital strategy.
```
